Add crop filter to GIF -> video FFMPEG commands (#4177)
GoogleChrome/web.dev: src/site/content/en/fast/replace-gifs-with-videos/index.md

This tells FFmpeg to take `my-animation.gif` as the **input**, signified by the
`-i` flag, and to convert it to a video called `my-animation.mp4`.

> The libx264 encoder only works with files that have even dimensions, like 320x240px. If the input GIF has odd dimensions we can include a crop filter to avoid FFmpeg throwing a 'height/width not divisible by 2' error:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The libx264 encoder only works with files that have even dimensions, like 320px by 240px. If the input GIF has odd dimensions you can include a crop filter to avoid FFmpeg throwing a 'height/width not divisible by 2' error:
```

> The libx264 encoder only works with files that have even dimensions, like 320px by 240px. If the input GIF has odd dimensions you can include a crop filter to avoid FFmpeg throwing a 'height/width not divisible by 2' error:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The libx264 encoder only works with files that have even dimensions, like 320px by 240px.
If the input GIF has odd dimensions you can include a crop filter to avoid FFmpeg throwing
a 'height/width not divisible by 2' error:
```
